welcome back
to let's play out later sophie my name
is carsten
so we have a few more hours
before we need to be up what kind of
stuff should i make to go with
monica let's see
what can we make
in a few more hours
that'll take 24 hours so that won't be
good we need star powder
i don't know where to get star powder at
[Applause]
[Music]
all
hmm
[Music]
mike could make another one of those
[Applause]
so let's sort by category value
[Music]
uh let's see do we have anything here
that's
white because i really want to try to
push for
best effects no okay how about here
now this is all yellow stuff and this is
all yellow stuff
all right um
i'll do that one and
that one
will this go well no yeah let's see okay
i'll try it
[Applause]
[Music]
hmm
this reaction is interesting
[Applause]
i feel like something great will happen
oh there this looks great
[Applause]
so let's see if we put that one
there something great will happen and
this
here no
this yeah there's probably going to be
best
great and then this here
will this go well
[Music]
let's see if we put this one
hmm
maybe if we put these here and
here this reaction is interesting
you can get that there that only gets it
to 68 though
now instead of that if we do this one
though
will this go wow okay i'll try it
so if we do
oh this reaction is interesting there
and
there this looks kind of amazing
all right this looks great that does get
us to seoul awakening now
oh this reaction is interesting that
and there this looks great
[Applause]
i wonder if we put that there will
happen
all right this looks great
if we do it in that order
will this go well it does get large hp
regen
can't do life to power as much but
[Music]
let's see i wonder if we put this
let me try this again
it's going great
[Music]
will this go well that's very
close
if i put
this first this reaction is interesting
all right this looks great
will this go well spirit to power
only gets medium hp regen
but it does get spirit to power and soul
awakening
we'll go with that
you know i think the sold the power
stuff that swaps hpm piece so i actually
don't necessarily want
[Music]
that
um
[Music]
so let's oh this reaction is interesting
actually
i feel like something great will happen
focus on
will this go well
[Music]
hmm
[Applause]
[Music]
i wonder all right this looks great
i feel like something great will happen
[Music]
no let's see i actually
if i do that that'll get me up to medium
hp region
that still goes life to power because
it's still
i feel like something great will happen
[Music]
wow this looks kind of amazing
hmm
[Music]
now if we
go over to here and instead of those
[Music]
do we have anything here that's yellow
yes we do
except we don't want to do that
we want something white but it has good
effects but isn't
huge
speed boost is good
consuming p minus 15 is good
okay okay i'll try it
all right this looks great
so what we want to try to do here
wow this looks kind of amazing
i feel like something great will happen
[Music]
this reaction is interesting
get some of these all right
this looks good soul awakening
that gets hp regen medium now
we put it there still medium will this
go well
i don't think there's any place i can
put it that would
i wonder what if i put this here
[Music]
all right this looks great and then this
here yeah it's still going to be medium
but if we put this
[Music]
here this looks great
and then this here
[Music]
will this go well
there's gotta be a way to do this a bit
better
[Music]
so if we oh
this reaction is interesting
going great
[Music]
do that i feel like something great will
happen
[Music]
oh this reaction is interesting
it's going great yeah i don't think this
is going to end up being any better
[Music]
will this go well i don't think i can
get to the next level after solo
awakening but that's okay
yeah i should finish it it's good what
traits should i transfer
yeah we'll want
and that and that
all right it's done
[Applause]
[Music]
all right today's prayer day i should go
now we'll do that in a moment
[Music]
what do you have
[Applause]
now this
[Music]
[Applause]
let's see
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah those things are really good so
[Music]
yeah i guess i'll swap this out on you
[Applause]
[Music]
okay so
let's go meet monica go to church
all right so
she's inside
[Music]
monica
sophie you so you came yeah pretty
impressive right
yes very much so i didn't think you'd
managed to come right away
well you didn't trust in me but seeing
how you made it
i guess you're fine you can come every
week too you know
[Applause]
i don't think i can make it every week i
have work at my atlear
you can spare a little time i'll try
yes that's good okay
we're going to start today's prayer
let's go sophie yeah
[Music]
monica learned the skill love sweets
okay sure
because that totally goes together
with yeah
i think they might have swapped the
events for these two or something
because i i yeah anyway
so that's that now what's pamela doing
in town
[Music]
it's not over there
let's check the various shops
[Music]
we have an event here
thank you you always do excellent work
thank you too hello
[Music]
oh sir julio hello sophie
what a coincidence yes did you come here
for sword repairs
[Music]
that's right there aren't many places
that can handle such a large sword
i'm very grateful talaji for this don't
worry about it this is just my job
i'm surprised you can wield such a large
sword it must be troublesome just
carrying it around
have you considered a sword that's a
little smaller
i feel much better using a sword as
large as this one
also i feel as though i'll become
stronger swinging around such a large
sword
i see regardless thank you
i'll return again i'll see you later too
sophie
yes thanks for visiting
wrong i'm fine it's just that my arm's
really tired from carrying around sir
julio's sword
you really would get stronger if you
were always swinging that thing around
it's that heavy sir julia was really
amazing
all right now
let's check the clock shop she's
probably in the cafe but i'll stop by
here real quick
nope she would be in the cafe then
[Music]
or not
welcome thank you which request will you
accept
[Music]
okay so we have some things we need to
go kill
so where is she
[Music]
[Laughter]
because it says pamela's here oh hello
sophie hi miss marguerite hello
can i ask you to do something for me
what is it
elise came here to shop earlier but she
left and forgot this book
i need to look after the store i'm sorry
but could you take it to her
yes i don't mind i'm sorry thank you
oh my if it isn't sophie
hello pamela are you here to shop that's
right
i came to buy some vegetables what about
you i actually have something to do
right now
oh i see see you later
[Music]
hello ellie what
oh my hello sophie but pamela why are
you
here i just met you over at mrs
marguerite store
did we meet there anyway i'll be leaving
now
see you two again thank you for coming
sophie what's wrong
miss marguerite said you forgot this at
her store
ah so that's where it was that's good
thank you sophie
no problem
this is marker reed i delivered the book
to elise but
thank you why the long face
um i met pamela over there too even
though i had just seen her here
oh really didn't like she looked like
she was in a rush and she walked off
from here
really
[Music]
i mean an issue is a ghost i didn't know
she could be more than one place at once
but
weird ghost power things let's see
[Music]
let's go talk to her
i have more
so you can't get more of those
[Music]
thank you thank you
since they're useful all right
um okay let's go to the world map
because i have some things i need to
kill
all right where to
[Music]
small island and open ruins let's go to
the open ruins
sophie
[Music]
now let's go ahead and since i have it
use this
[Music]
now where are those things i need to
fight
[Music]
there's one come here are
what a you let's end this quickly
let's use this codex of creation
and we'll use that
and you guys just attack taste the power
of alchemists
[Music]
they hardly put up a fight well that was
pretty easy for
especially considering how much xp i got
let's fight another one of these guys
hey
i shall be your opponent oh there's two
of them
okay let's do
that
and that that
and
we'll do that since it's undead killer i
won't hold back
[Music]
well that didn't do a lot of damage
that was annoying
[Music]
i'll go
ow i think i'm done
no we're gonna use angel's whisper
[Music]
um
and we'll just keep doing skill attacks
here
[Music]
one down
okay so that's good
let's grab a couple more of these items
while we're here
we'll definitely need to run back though
[Music]
these are not particularly spectacular
items here
[Music]
though
yeah i think i'll just head back
wait that was not what i meant to you
keep messing up which one of those i'm
using
[Music]
now if you go to the world map
what's our destination
[Music]
i don't think i've been to gate of trees
and i do need to go to waterside ruins
and fight something there
i think i'm just going to do that real
quick hang on
i need to go here and fight something
oh yeah i need to fight these whales
just fight like we usually do
how many uses are that three yeah that's
fine
[Music]
uh yeah so we use this
and everyone keep attacking the starfish
it's a whale it's called star fish
how many ways can this be wrong
that is one powerful item
[Music]
so that's done
where else do we need to go destination
[Music]
doesn't show where else those things are
tyrant horn fertile shore
[Music]
so we'll go up there
get the tyrant horn and then go back to
that wooded area
[Music]
all right
showed up at night didn't it
or during a during a storm it showed up
during a storm
got a destination
we found
we were just yeah i know we were just
here
but i need it to be
[Music]
wet
i guess so you know i should
go ahead and use one of these i may as
well
[Music]
[Applause]
i wish i had some maybe there is some
way to control the weather at some
point
[Music]
if there is i'm not aware that i have it
now
[Music]
can it please rain so that i can get
some of those things
[Music]
so
tyrant horn at the fertile shore so
does it give us any other information if
we look in here
underground lake fertile shore
[Music]
all right maybe no these are not
them these are lich monster things
[Music]
let's check underground lake where do
you intend to go next
[Music]
underground lake all the way over there
okay let's check gate of trees
then we'll head to the underground lake
wait did they already be here
now i don't think i've been here
[Music]
it said i hadn't by the uh by the map it
looked like it hadn't
[Applause]
[Music]
of course it's raining now sure
[Applause]
[Music]
grab this one
head back
and then go to the underground lake just
to finish off that before i forget about
it
[Music]
i did
where are we going next we are going up
here
because i want to get the full reward
for that uh kill quest
oh yeah this place
there let's see
[Music]
there's one i'm assuming that's
one hey okay inferior creatures
let's end this
that's a single horn
you can probably just attack through
these guys
i'll continue there
leave it to me
[Music]
yeah that wasn't what i was looking for
though
[Music]
i need the uh tyrant horn
too
that was a piece of cake
[Music]
that did not give me any golden pretty
balls
and i'm not seeing any whales around
here either
come here you
all right let's take these guys out
quick
episode's going a little long
[Music]
but i want to finish this off before i
forget
[Music]
there he is
come here you
not you let's end this quickly
all right this may be a little annoying
i'll definitely use the magician's flute
a drilling shovel
[Music]
brave soul and we'll be doing rain shots
i'll blow you all away
this is a chance a challenge
fair and square
deathclaw that doesn't sound good
multi-action that's definitely not good
probably should run
leave it to me
all right let's see
we used one of them
drilling shovel again there
[Music]
and light fall
i'll blow you all away
that's almost all down
okay there we go
that's a nice big chunk of xp
now we do need to make sure
that no one's too hurt
there we go okay
we're gonna give this our all
this is a tyrant horn right yeah
so we'll use that
actually we'll use it just to be sure
we'll focus on the tyrant horn
now
there we'll go ahead and use brave soul
and
rain
[Music]
i can't shot now
one puny down a challenge
fair and square
[Music]
would have been nice if that rain shot
was triggering healing
i'll go ahead and use that
and you guys just attack
[Music]
yeah it might be over by the time
we're done here yeah moving my body
again
there we go
[Music]
now is there actually a thing there is a
chest back there
i'll give you a shot
inferior creatures let's end this
and
let's see
oh you're let's see did you have 99
before
well we used that
[Music]
here i go
take this
that's not as much damage as i would
have hoped from that leave it to me
[Applause]
taste the power of alchemist
he didn't hit you with no heel that's
going to be annoying
[Music]
[Applause]
okay
uh we definitely need to
keep hitting you definitely need to use
angel's whisper
hit you with that again
uh
let's do blessing on sophie there yeah
my shovel to fly
[Music]
still missing on that no heel divine
protection
[Music]
[Applause]
that was
that was annoying especially with that
break
but i think we should be able to
near finish you off here
[Music]
yeah we might we should be okay here
i'll go great work
there we go there wasn't as much xp as i
was hoping
[Music]
well that was a disappointment
let's head back
with that we'll end it for here hope you
enjoy thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome back to let's play outlet or
sophie my name is karsten
let's see if i can remember what we were
doing
oh we needed to craft that thing that i
couldn't craft
because it took three days uh but we had
an event
that we had to go to so let's go down oh
it wasn't that i need honey syrup i need
to figure out that
[Music]
was let's see where was it
should make some of these other things
let's see i made i made those right yeah
where was it of course it's probably
near the end oh i need to make the new
cloth but i need more rainbow puny fluid
actually i should have enough rainbow
penny fluid
i should make some of that
[Music]
sun drop that i need to find star powder
and more dragon blood stones but the sun
drop
this we can make this is for a quest
item a request thing i believe so i
don't think it matters too much
it is a bunch of different things so
that
it might potentially be useful but the
first one we're doing
is just for a quest so it really doesn't
matter uh what we
use here
this is probably one of the least useful
ones and
this one i guess i mean dragon slayer
might be kind of useful but i mean we
didn't need it for that dragon and i'm
sure we can pick up others
now here
probably trait enhance and
let's see do i not have any generic ones
of these
yeah kind of light we'll do that one and
i just have a bunch of these that's fine
which cauldron should i use and again we
use the fairy cauldron
and we'll just kind of throw there
and uh sure whatever
[Music]
this is good and
and there
doesn't matter yeah i should finish it
it's good
okay so that's done
yeah it doesn't matter it's all right
it's done
so that's done
now
i might want to make some of those
oh i need star powder i don't know where
to get star powder
[Music]
oh apparently it drops from that dragon
okay well i don't feel like grinding
against that dragon it was just one and
it's kind of annoying
uh let's see i do see harold in an
unusual spot
let's see what he has to say
[Music]
it's finally over i'm totally beat
yeah still not used to this either
huh oscar and harold this is an unusual
combination to see
hey sophie we just happen to have a
meeting we're on our way back
a meeting representatives from many
stores gathered together
and talked about recent news and other
situations
although there isn't a need to talk that
much
my mom was really busy today so i had to
go in her place
i didn't know there were meetings like
that wait
did i need to go to this meeting too
your shop isn't a member of our
association so you didn't need to go
you were never invited before right yeah
that's right it's a meeting for stores
in a certain area
not everyone is called to attend your
place is a little distant so you're
outside of the area i didn't know that's
good though
by the way what happened there i can't
really say anything happened
it was all the same as usual
it's better if there aren't any problems
anyway i'm going now
[Music]
we pointless events now let's see anyone
else in any place
unusual
yeah actually
over here what do we have oh
that was an interesting lead into a
conversation
do you have some sort of a secret
hmm maybe it's my strictly regulated
lifestyle
they see what are you talking about
oh sophie corneria was just asking me
about how to grow taller
color
yes i thought monica would know how
oh yeah monica's pretty tall after all
i'm kind of jealous really
yeah you're really stylish and you look
picture perfect no matter what you're
doing
i wouldn't go that far
also i think your smaller stature is
cute
i feel jealous about that sometimes wait
really i don't think so
i suppose we all just want things that
we don't have
i guess so anyway i'll be going now
[Music]
okay
let's see what do you have here
[Music]
hmm that was re those things are
effective but really expensive
um i might want to pick up some more of
these
so i have them
i have eight of those still i'll pick up
some more of these
she's stocking more of each item too so
that's kind of nice
i have 13 of those i'll grab that golden
puny ball just because they're nice to
have
and these aren't well
go ahead and grab them
[Music]
i did need to make something with
ancient seal but i already have some of
these
yeah i'll just grab one so i have a
generic one
please it's good to have some generics
of some of these so that
uh i can throw them on
i'll go ahead and grab the spruce
since they're also handy to have and
some of these
i already have eight of those i won't
make any more of those at the moment
[Music]
let's check
not in here let's check for any requests
thank you which request will you accept
oh yeah i can turn that in
[Music]
thank you very much
yeah i can turn into those
um
that's that one and
maybe that one thank you very much
oh yeah and i need to go and figure that
out
oh i did get all of these so i can turn
those in
[Music]
so that's nice welcome thank you for
coming
what rumor do you wish to hear
hmm i wonder if i could take that puny
on now
[Music]
i bet i could but
not sure
none of those look particularly
interesting as far as
anything i need to do right now although
horst needs fire dramas and needs some
forgotten materials
i need to make the key of truth now you
need eternity scales goats defeat
dragon air
now where is that do i know where that
is
go to monster
is it that same dragon i just have to
defeat it again for something or
no that's magnesius
[Music]
so
oh dragon and scar the land
okay so let's go to the scar of the land
and
see how badly we get demolished it's our
destination
scar of the land is right there
[Music]
i wonder which way it is
let's check this way first because there
is
fewer enemies on the way
i won't bother grabbing any materials
because i don't want to
just lose them oh hello
[Music]
there it is that's the monster in
question
uh it's really big are you prepared
then let's go yes
[Music]
well
that's some awesome wings on that thing
too
i'm going to switch to defensive
uh this does defense down so that's
probably good to start with
this level 20 has a lot of hp
increases damage taken by enemy that's
probably good now you
definitely want to do a brave so
yeah and you were probably gonna end up
just spamming rainshot
though
[Music]
uh
we'll have you through one ori bomb to
see what happens and then probably spam
[Music]
rainshot
[Applause]
an offensive item
[Music]
not that impressed with it
okay how am i doing on hp
hmm well have you used the magician's
flute
[Music]
we'll do that to reduce defense maybe
and rainshot oh wait
you
[Music]
hmm blessing might be
good for restoring hp oh no it's single
although i could put that on sophie
we'll do uh yeah we'll
do to do that one to reduce attack power
[Music]
[Applause]
i wonder if it spams dispel
i'm doing a ton of damage to it so i
should be okay anyway
i was just wondering if it spams dispel
anytime i'm buffed in which case i could
really abuse that
though rainshot's gonna abuse that
anyway
um i wasn't looking at how much damage
that did
uh we'll do that yeah it's almost dead
[Music]
anyway
um yeah we'll just
uh two-hander
yeah it's dead actually
um
you are hurting we'll do that
now that'll put it way down there anyway
now we'll use that
sophie might die but oh well
no actually she won't because the
heel and defense at the beginning of the
turn
[Music]
i mean she might die anyway but less
likely
[Music]
but yeah it's toast
great work everyone that's a
nice chunk of xp
we did it we won well fought sophie are
you injured
oh no i'm okay that's good
now then
this should do it here you are sophie
these are the eternity scales you
desired
wow thank you very much there's no need
for thanks i'm just happy to have been
of use to you
now that we're done here we shouldn't
linger for too long let's return
[Music]
oh more cool stuff
and more random stuff
but yeah i thought that place when we
first found here seemed like
a likely location for
some type of boss battle
especially with no other enemies around
in the area
[Music]
all right
okay let's go ahead and head back i
think we can make
the key of truth now can't we
[Music]
so
use this
[Applause]
all right now
hmm what to make
key of truth
[Music]
category important
just looking at the category important
and uh yeah some drops we can make more
of but these others
[Music]
we can't so of truth
what materials to use is this good
which cauldron should i use okay let's
start
yeah this looks good
this isn't bad
[Music]
not that it matters is this good yeah
sure
yeah i should finish it it's good what
traits should i transfer
is this really okay yes it's okay all
right
it's done and i didn't even make another
alchemy level
i do need to get up to 45 for some of
that other stuff
[Music]
look look this is
sophie you've finally done it very well
can you lend me the key of truth for a
moment oh sure
here
[Music]
huh what did you just do i released the
seal on the gates of wisdom
we can go there at any time now really
then that means we can finally yes
the path to the cauldron of knowledge
has just opened
we did it now i'll be able to use even
more amazing alchemy
congratulations you worked hard to come
this far
yeah anyway we should head over there
yes we should
[Music]
what's wrong plocta did you just
remember something
sophie i may have just committed a
terrible mistake
huh what do you mean i have a bad
feeling
we should hurry to the gates of wisdom
as quickly as possible
well that's a little ominous
don't know if we should really go there
as quickly as possible i mean
are we getting to like the end game
because i want to make sure we
get our alchemy levels up and craft more
stuff or i mean
we only got 10 minutes more minutes
until i would like to end the episode
i like to have them about half an hour
not 40 minutes like they have been
uh tell you what what we'll do we will
hold off on that
and we will
we will make some of this what materials
to use
i don't have a lot of these gold steel
webs
and i only have three of these too
[Music]
i think i will hope to hold off on that
although let's see
from twin header of course
i think all the ones i got before were
from that uh event
a rumor thing
let's check
because i want to get up
this little 45 synthesis
refuel with auto activate 50
dunkel height whatever that is a light
elemental
meet someone who speaks to the dead
spirit crystal
positive release
[Music]
blue sky altar
hmm someone that speaks to the dead
[Applause]
[Music]
not sure where that would be
[Applause]
let's see though
if i take a look at the recipe ideas
here what other things
countering a night thunderstorm
prospector strand
pure water with a trait secret of health
noble sapphire with ancient seal that's
my
to this here
[Music]
i'm trying to see
[Applause]
because i should actually be looking at
what these are
plain waffle
so i have all these right essentially
it's lightning crystal mark
i'm looking to see if
any of these
are things that blue sky altar
investigating ruins
hmm
[Music]
dunkel height let's see
if we go to the world map
[Music]
[Applause]
where should i go
the blue sky altar a thing that
i know where it is
[Music]
and i guess i could probably
take a look in the encyclopedia
let's see if we go to field
[Music]
i'm not seeing
anything there
[Music]
hmm
not sure where that is
not sure where the gates of wisdom are
either actually
actually i'm gonna head to the
prospector strand see if i can get a
night thunderstorm there
we're at night
[Music]
it's not raining though
let's see let's just uh
leave and come back well
[Music]
where can we go next
we were just oh hey what are you doing
here
sitting there all boss monstery
this should be an easy fight
[Music]
[Applause]
there
[Music]
yeah 6xp but 105.
got more don for that's nice but that
wasn't really
i need to figure out how to
how to change the weather or if it's
just random chance
random chance would be pretty annoying
but i wouldn't put it past it
let's go ahead and use that
[Music]
no oh no for a second i thought we were
getting a cut scene
we might still no i did
let's go here
actually you know what let's just talk
to everyone and see
if i get
[Music]
that uh person that speaks with dead
it's bound to be someone right
[Music]
and though they might only come out at
night
let's see how about you no
[Music]
i wonder if it's someone in the church
i mean i guess anyone that talks to
pamela technically
[Music]
yeah i'm not sure where to do with any
of the uh
next few clues honestly
i already talked to you i think
[Music]
let's check in here
[Applause]
probably should pay more attention to
who these people are oh we got a
cutscene
hello welcome sophie
you're as energetic as usual are you out
for a walk
yeah kind of what are you doing i'm
organizing the bookshelves
that reminds me the bookshelves in here
are always really neat and organized
of course they are it wouldn't be it
would be a big problem if my customers
had a hard time searching for books
um i guess if you have this many books
it would be hard to remember where every
book is
you should learn a thing or two from at
least sophie
[Music]
oh plucked it welcome placto why are you
here
i wanted to read a new book so i came to
brass
by the way according to plocta it sounds
like your athlete you're
still unorganized yes things are
scattered everywhere
there isn't even room to walk around oh
stop it blocked i don't say anymore
oh dear you need to keep it clean okay
but i'm not good at organizing things do
you have any tricks elise
i don't have anything that could be
called a trick
i organized the books by criteria like
size and genre and place bookends
between them that's all
that's simpler than i thought that's
right
i'm not doing anything special the other
thing is to pay close attention and
clean up every day
that's the worst part
if you make organizing a daily routine
it'll get much easier
you should do your best yeah i'll try
first you need to buy some shelves you
don't even have shelves
[Music]
well i was hoping that might give me an
idea for something what the with all the
talk of getting things to organize stuff
but i guess not
guess that would have been too much to
ask
let's check over here
[Music]
fritz can i daughter my daughter well i
don't really mind
what kind of person is she i can't even
imagine what she's like
that's a hard question to answer to put
it nicely she's optimistic
to put it not so nicely she's
thoughtless
i don't really know what to say is her
parent but she's a really cheerful girl
in a way she's kind of like you i see
yeah but you already know what kind of
personality i have
i don't know where she got that
personality of hers
if it wasn't from you then maybe it was
from your wife
her uh no her personality is a lot
different from my daughter too oh really
yes let's stop talking about my family
now all right um okay
hmm now that i think about it my
daughter and i are alike in some way
how so we're very similar in the fact
that we both love dolls
for some reason she seems to understand
dolls really well
i'm suddenly getting a much clearer
picture of your daughter
i'm sure she got that from fritz
[Music]
and we'll just check one more area
talk to this person here
you're a painter
is there anyone out here in the forest
oh yeah that's right there's a grave out
here isn't there
it's possible
no
[Music]
uh we'll go ahead and just check here
real quick talk to the uh
various npcs
[Music]
not you let's check in here
there's always a couple in here
sometimes maybe only at night
might have to come back at night
[Music]
but there's usually someone in here
how about you nope
well i guess we'll have to figure that
out at some other point
really not sure who that's going to end
up
being that we have to talk to about that
but maybe we'll check out the uh
[Music]
what's it uh
gates of wisdom deep in the enlightened
mountain
do i know where the enlightened mountain
is
[Music]
go to field
enlightened mountain that's up there
[Applause]
[Music]
okay well we will head there
eventually but for right now hope you
enjoyed
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time
[Applause]
[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet or
sophie my name is karsten
let's go ahead let's go to the world map
let's go ahead and advance the plot
it was somewhere up here right
[Music]
there's light enlightened mountain i
think
[Music]
i hope it was just a groundless fear hey
wait plata why are you rushing so much
can you explain it to me
right i need to tell you about this you
aren't the only one
seeking the cauldron of knowledge there
have been some
patiently waiting all this time for a
chance to obtain the cauldron
wait really yes it's a device with such
enormous power
it would only be natural for there to be
many people seeking it well
now that you mention it that makes sense
however among them there are two who
especially mustn't be allowed to obtain
it
mechlet and atomina they must not have
the cauldron
wait those two it's true that they
mentioned the cauldron of knowledge
before
but why not those two likely seek to use
the cauldron to return to their previous
form
the form of an alchemist from my time
what do you mean
500 years ago i fought a certain
alchemist
his name at the time was lulard the true
form of meklit and atomina
during the battle 500 years ago i fought
luard
and emerged victorious then i split and
sealed his soul away in two bodies
artificial life forms called mechlet and
automa
you talked about artificial life arms
before they're the ones that are human
yet not human right
yes they possess eternal life as
objects resembling humans that's their
true identity
so why do they want the cauldron of
knowledge
their bodies created through alchemy
cannot use alchemy themselves
that's why it's impossible for them to
use alchemy to return to their former
self
however tell me what would happen if
they had the cauldron of knowledge
if the cauldron of knowledge lets anyone
use alchemy even they would be able to
use it
exactly using the cauldron they could
return to their true form
that is their desire
[Music]
normally since they cannot create the
key of truth
coming here would be impossible for them
oh i see this is because i made the key
of truth
no this isn't your fault if only i had
remembered this sooner
[Music]
if those two obtained the cauldron of
knowledge it would become a grave
situation
we need to hurry
well one i knew they were evil
i just had a feeling and two
you know plocta maybe you should have
waited until we were here
before unlocking the door nice
job breaking it hero
hey you're late
really late we were waiting for so long
smeglett atamina damn it
we didn't make it in time from that time
it sounds like you finally remembered
who we are
and you had completely forgotten about
us until now
you expected this so you put your soul
in that book
but you forgot all the important details
how
laughable although it was a little
beyond our predictions that you would
forget about the key of truth too
i guess that's another thing to add to
the list that we need to thank sophie
for
not only did you bring back flockta's
memories
but you made the key for us too
yeah it's all thanks to you sophie that
we were able to reach the cauldron of
knowledge
sophie you're a really nice person
unlike a certain someone there
yeah seriously she went so far as to
turn us into these
things we couldn't use alchemy
and we couldn't go back to normal we
couldn't even age and die
living in these bodies for the last 500
years was
torture but our pain finally ends today
that's because
our wish will finally be fulfilled
[Music]
[Applause]
it has been quite some time since i met
you in this fall placta
the lord your form has changed quite a
bit since then
now that i am my former self it seems
our positions have been reversed
that doesn't matter if it's been
reversed i just have to turn you back
your demeanor certainly hasn't changed
however
i could care less i simply wish to
pursue alchemy
as i see fit i know our reunion was
short
but farewell stop
[Music]
luard
let's return to the atlear sophie i'll
tell you everything there
[Music]
okay
yeah um stop chasing me bird
trying to do plot here i'll just use
this
[Applause]
[Music]
i'm going to tell you about the past
about myself
and luard luard was an exceedingly
skilled alchemist
he was also a fellow researcher of
alchemy alongside me
he wasn't originally the way you just
saw him however
at one point he began walking the wrong
path
luard was taken in by the power of
alchemy his research became more and
more self-righteous
and selfish i tried to convince him to
stop
but he wouldn't listen to me in fact
he began to immerse himself in his
alchemy research even further
if allowed to continue his research
could have affected the entire world
that's why i fought to stop him i killed
him with my own hands
and split his soul into two artificial
life forms
however there was one thing that
concerned me
the cauldron of knowledge artificial
life forms can't use alchemy
but the cauldron is an exception as long
as the cauldron existed
there was a possibility of luad
returning to his former self
that's why i sealed my own soul in that
book
i could change hands between alchemists
gaining new knowledge to prepare for the
future
however over the long years my memories
were lost
and you know the rest of the story
sophie
did something like that happen
yes allowing luard to resurrect himself
was my failure
if luard is allowed to go free he will
likely resume his alchemy research
and if he continues something terrible
could happen once again
that must be prevented at all costs
in order to do that we need to figure
out where luard fled to
[Music]
where would he have gone i have no idea
actually i suppose it would be more
correct to say that i can't remember
it's likely that i already know where he
would have gone
but i can't remember where i see
oh maybe maybe if we keep bringing back
your memories like before
you'll remember where he would go
yes that seems very possible however we
don't have much time to go about it
leisurely
i'll do what i can to investigate where
luard went
you continue improving your alchemy
skills sophie
that will likely be the quickest way of
finding where he went
okay i understand leave that to me
[Music]
plocta
i did my best to refill them
well that was a big chunk of uh
plot there
[Music]
so we still need to do those things
let's see if there's any requests and
rumors
[Music]
which request will you accept let's see
that i can do yeah no problem i'm sure i
can do that
yeah let's do that get some vouchers
[Music]
let's see uh
maybe that one and
[Music]
that
[Applause]
um let's see
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah those are all the same so and here
we'll have we've got a bunch that are
basically identical
use the lowest quality one there and
that one
[Music]
those thank you
seven more vouchers up to 80 vouchers
[Music]
wait i do have one star power where did
i get star powder
oh it's dropped from dragons of course
because um just having it
as something easily obtainable would
yeah yeah no way am i going to give up a
star powder for that right now
sorry
this is easy though
get some uh
[Music]
here
that one and now
[Music]
yeah that i guess and
that you've got
mainly doing that for the vouchers
welcome what rumor do you know about
rumors
let's see oh we get more gold thread
there so we don't we do want to go ahead
and grab that
[Music]
um
that's
get some of those and
is that rumor okay we'll try the rumor
of the big dragon
see what happens
looks like we get to find another one of
those
welcome i'll we'll go with that
go to the world map
got a destination
let's check here
[Music]
now i don't remember exactly
which area it is
it's either here or the next one i think
[Music]
it's not that
i think it's the next area
[Music]
no
oh hello i didn't even see that guy
there
[Music]
just wasting my time
that was a piece of cake
i guess it's not there is it in the
gazebo
oh yes okay
[Music]
so we'll use this for the last couple at
least
well that wasn't it um
[Music]
that wasn't it either okay let me beat
you up
[Music]
they hardly put up a fight well i
remember those things were
hard
[Music]
inferior creatures let's end this
deadly spirit wait what did i get myself
into here
i was not realizing that guy was a boss
[Music]
um
should have known when it wasn't chasing
me
[Music]
should be able to handle it though
[Applause]
leave it to me
oh that's pathetic really
oh death voice that doesn't sound good
was really pathetic i'm just going to
[Music]
[Applause]
attack
great work everyone yeah that was really
pathetic
dunkle stem
[Music]
that's
oh that's interesting
wasn't what i was going for here but
i guess we'll just keep fighting these
until it runs out
since those uh gold spider webs are
pretty useful
they hardly put up a fight
okay so that ended
we'll go back out where's the exits over
here
[Music]
excuse me
you know how they return to outlayer
item but i'd like a
uh just return to the world map item
got a ten of these though right yeah oh
wait that's
not what i expected still
[Music]
all right okay next up
fallen palace
[Music]
this is thick
what was in here that i needed to do
[Music]
[Applause]
okay
so is that in here where is that no it's
not there
[Music]
oh let's take these guys i was trying to
avoid the
demon and ran straight into these i'm
just going to avoid these guys because
i don't feel like spending time fighting
let's see that is
oh blue sky altar i had to investigate
something here didn't i
[Music]
i better have to fight you in order to
investigate it don't i
that was a recipe idea right was it
under here
and the skating ruins blue sky altar
um
where is it up here maybe i'm gonna try
up here
[Music]
no doesn't seem like it
i'll try over there
but i bet it's gonna be where that demon
is
[Music]
[Applause]
yeah probably because really where else
would it be
[Music]
all right come here you
oh there we go
don't mind me just taking some notes
hero's medicine can be synthesized
i didn't even see the poonie there
well there it is
i thought that was part of the terrain
[Music]
so
sneak by here
[Music]
let's check here maybe
all right let's take these guys out
quick no
let's not bother
[Music]
[Applause]
and i guess i should be fighting for
xp and stuff but i really don't want to
bother right now
oh there they are this should be an easy
fight okay fine
[Music]
i'll go
[Applause]
[Music]
that was a piece of cake yeah it kind of
stomped them
let's go ahead and use our last wonder
stimulant here
to grab these last few
[Music]
event hasn't ended yet so
okay i shall be your opponent we will go
ahead and fight here until we get the
rest of that event
can i hit all of them yeah
[Music]
yeah just uh kill everything
i'll use this
[Music]
i can't stop now
this is a chance just as i trained to do
[Music]
they hardly put up a vice not easy
enough
and we get another one here
okay all right kill off these guys
[Applause]
[Music]
no not that uh here we go
yeah sure whatever
[Music]
i can't stop now
these guys are really trivial
try to withstand my sword
[Music]
gotcha don't i say as i manage to not
kill them all
leave it to me
[Music]
basket is full okay um
well that's kind of pathetic it's not
that great
um
it's a quality 100 i might be able to
use it for something or other give it to
someone maybe
um
[Music]
let's see what don't we need
i guess that okay billy cuddler oil
ended anyway
let's head back to the atlear and drop
these off
[Music]
pluckta can you come shopping with me at
miss marguerite's
store hey plocta
huh oh sophie what do you need i said
let's go to mrs marguerite's store to
buy vegetables
uh i understand you're acting weird
[Music]
[Applause]
i did my best important events go by
vegetables
okay so we got here as medicine
[Applause]
[Music]
okay well let's uh
actually i want to check the cafe real
quick
[Music]
does it seem like there's less water
flowing lately
now that you mention it yes
[Music]
i know right it's such a bother
huh it'd be a big problem if the water
stopped flowing right plucked up
[Music]
plucked up oh yes that's right
a little bit distracted
[Music]
let's talk to tess
hello ah sophie welcome huh
tess you don't seem very lively yeah
kind of
i'd be willing to listen if you want to
talk
really well you see one of my little
brothers caught a cold
i was taking care of him and didn't
sleep so i'm pretty tired
[Music]
that doesn't sound good should i make
some medicine no we have medicine
already although he doesn't want to take
it because it's bitter
i see that reminds me i didn't like
medicine when i was little too
i understand how you feel i don't
exactly like it either
but he seems to be in pain i want to
help him
hmm what could we do i'll try thinking a
little more
i woke up after talking to you thanks
sophie
probably make medicine with a trait that
let's see you what rumor do you wish to
hear still need to do that brutal dragon
welcome maybe the prince will you accept
i can turn this in
[Music]
maybe
i'm just trying to look at ones that
well these are good though
well that one i don't care about um
[Music]
yeah that one's fine and beehive
yeah that's okay thank you
three more vouchers to add to my
collection
[Music]
need a couple bagel sandwiches
sure now i will uh accept that and make
the bagel sandwiches later
and that one oh this requires
special things special traits
in a dragon scale and no i'm not going
to give up one of my dragon scales
thank you welcome out
[Music]
okay
let's get this event out of the way and
then probably finish things up for right
now
hey did you hear some really dangerous
monsters appeared near town
really there's too many of them lately
luckily no one's been hurt yet but we
might need to start planning for the
worst
yeah seriously what's going on lately
dangerous monsters near the town that's
kind of scary
yeah nice job oh we got another cut
scene here
[Music]
he did it again i take my eyes off him
for just a minute
he always does this he's really fast at
running away for someone who's so heavy
and out of shape
what's wrong oscar was supposed to look
after the store but he left early and
hasn't come back
what but he promised he'd start doing
his work properly the other day
[Music]
it seems like i'll have to give him a
good scrolling next time i see him
sophie monica could i ask something of
you two do you want us to search for
oscar don't worry miss marguerite we'll
find him
good at guessing as i'd expect if only
my lazy son was this dependable
sophie we should help too we need to set
oscar straight
yeah this is for oscar's own good i'm
sorry i need to ask but i'm counting on
you
just leave it to us sophie i'll search
the area south of the church
you search the north side okay i got it
still i wonder where oscar went
somewhere with plants he's always going
to places like that in his spare time
yeah he even went outside of town before
wait could he have gone outside again
that's possible let's search inside the
town first if we don't find him we'll
have to consider other options
yeah that sounds good i'll go now yes
let's find him
but i'm trying to
[Music]
miss bar great hello we're here to shop
uh sophie
i'm sorry you came all this way but i
don't have much for sale today
oh now that you mention it did something
happen
it seems like we can't harvest many
crops lately i've only been able to
stock a little bit because of that
i see that's a problem that's nothing
for you to worry about anyway i might
only have a little but take a look
so now we have to look for oscar even
though it's like night time
[Music]
of course he's here it's in the forest
ah there he is i see
you've never seen the eternal blossom
either
oscar who are you talking to
hey sophie i was just talking to this
flower i've always wanted to ask but why
are you able to talk to plants
i don't really know i've just been like
this for a long time
stranger to me why everyone else can't
hear the voices of plants
it doesn't matter if it's tiny flower or
wheat they're all alive just like us
of course they would talk hmm is that
really how it works
you've always taken me seriously since
long ago huh
well i know you make up excuses to get
out of things you don't like but you
don't lie of course
i want to live honestly and i want
others to live honestly too
although you forget your promises a lot
like how you aren't watching the store
right now
miss marguerite was really mad you know
oh crap i totally forgot about the store
uh sophie could you forget you saw me
nope i can't break my promise with miss
marguerite
now let's go back to the store give me a
break my mom was gonna kill me
you'll be fine you'll probably just get
scolded a little harsher than usual
no
[Music]
oscar learned round body
okay please tell me that event is over
okay good
let's just check what that does
it covers hp and mp each turn well
that's nice
okay let's head back to the atlear
we weren't able to buy many vegetables
yes
there are monsters near town and the
crops aren't growing well
things seem really weird lately
i fear that the changes are likely
caused by luard
huh what do you mean fluard has likely
resumed his ablation alchemy research
the changes you see recently are a
result of that
ablation alchemy is that different from
regular alchemy
yes as i explained before the alchemy
you and i use
listens to the wishes of materials and
helps fulfill them
on the other hand ablation alchemy
ignores the wishes of materials
forcing them to morph into another form
[Music]
it ignores the wishes of materials to
make things
doesn't that mean you could create
anything you wanted
isn't that actually a good thing it
would be really convenient
you aren't mistaken that it's convenient
however
that convenience comes at an equivalent
price
a price yes alchemy that ignores the
wishes of materials costs far more than
normal alchemy
the cost in this case is the power of
nature
normally the power of nature that we use
slowly recovers
however ablation alchemy uses that power
at a faster rate than it can recover
wasting enormous amounts of it
as a result it eats away at nature
little by little
eventually the power of nature would be
exhausted
i can't even imagine what would occur if
that was to happen
the scar of the land was carved into the
earth by the influence of ablation
alchemy
the scar of the land i didn't know
yes the changes you see recently are
likely related to the power of nature
slowly being consumed it seems we really
can't allow luard to continue his
abalation alchemy much longer
if used carefully it would probably be
somewhat sustainable but luward makes no
such effort
we need to figure out where luard went
as quickly as possible and stop him
yeah i'll keep working to improve my
alchemy
for your memories too yes please do so
[Music]
well i hope that doesn't actually affect
game play this is uh one of the cases
where i am
all for gameplay and story segregation
is for
uh if it makes it like
the world is going to heck and it's
harder to get things
which i need to do stuff but anyway
that's it for now hope you enjoy thanks
for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet your
sophie my name is karsten
last time um plucked the screwed
everything up
so let's take a look and see what we
need to do next
so i need to study lots of alchemy okay
need to find forgot materials and i need
to bring fire dragon medicine
let's see if we have any requests so i
need to make
i need to make a couple bagel sandwiches
and bring them to
him and figure out where that grass is
and make two bagel sandwiches
with trait recovery up
okay i can make it but i don't have the
materials
what kind of stuff should i make so i
need to make flour
now if we take a look here
so i need to let's see can i make flower
with recovery up
[Music]
which material should i choose
actually let's take a look in our
container here
and see what we have with recovery up
hmm
water ingredient secret power
looks like this generic holy water has
that so
if we make